[master] CC request body passing (#5242)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/extensions/request-body-passing.md

> You can enable request body passing in Choreo Connect using below configurations.

Author: Explain two possible ways to enable / disable feature

Author: Fixed with: https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/5242/commits/f44c1a16d282eaa7ce961f20242989baed0f197c

After enabling the request body passing feature, enforcer will get the request data 
submitted with the API call. Then, you can implement a custom filter to perform customized
operations based on the input data provided with the API call.

Follow the instructions below to enable request body passing feature:

1. Use the following configurations to enable request body passing in the router.
``` toml
     # Request body passing configurations

>      [router.bodyPassing]

Author: `router.payloadPassing`

        # Enables request body passing feature
        passRequestBodyToEnforcer = true
        # Sets the maximum size of a message body that the ext_authz filter allowed hold in memory

>         maxRequestBytes = 1024

Author: 10kB

> You can enable request body passing in Choreo Connect using below configurations.
> After enabling the request body passing feature, enforcer will get the request data 
> submitted with the API call. Then, you can implement a custom filter to perform customized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the payload of a request will not be passed to the enforcer. Therefore, when using custom filters, updating a request based on the payload will not be possible. You can use the following configurations to enable passing the request payload to the enforcer. Then, you can implement a custom filter to perform customized
After enabling the request body passing feature, enforcer will get the request data 
submitted with the API call. Then, you can implement a custom filter to perform customized
```

operations based on the input data provided with the API call.

Follow the instructions below to enable request body passing feature:

> 1. Add following configurations under `router` section in `config.toml` of Choreo Connect to enable request body passing feature.

Reviewer: Shall we combine both of these sentences because there's only one step. Also we can avoid the repitition of the phrase "enable request body passing feature"
